This is the demonstration program used in the Drawing, Colors, and Images
seminar at the 1994 Galaxy Developer's Conference. It demonstrates the use,
advantages, and disadvantages of the four types of highlighting/complementing
that Galaxy provides.

Requires Galaxy/C++ version 2.0 or better.

In order to build invert, just type in "make". invert uses the environ file
from $GALAXYHOME/samples, so if make complains that it can't include the
environ file, just copy the one out of $GALAXYHOME/samples.

When you run invert, you'll be presented with a dialog with a striped
background and a menubar. By clicking and dragging with the left mouse button,
you can drag "rubber rectangles" across the background. The default is for the
rectangles to be filled, and for the drawing to use vdrawFUNC_COMPLEMENT if it
is available (otherwise vdrawFUNC_HILITE is used). 

There are four menus in invert:

File menu:
   general program control
   
   Quit: quit the invert program and return to the OS or shell

Method menu:
   controls what drawing function is used
   (see the refman entry for vdraw::SetFunction)

   vdrawFUNC_XOR: xor the background with the current color
   vdrawFUNC_INVERT: use the 1's complement of the background
   vdrawFUNC_HILITE: use the hilite color
   vdrawFUNC_COMPLEMENT: use the complement color

Background menu:
   controls the background of the dialog

   Solid: have a solid white background
   Striped: have a multicolored striped background

Foreground menu:
   controls how the rubber rect is drawn

   Filled: draw a filled rectangle
   Outline: just draw the outline 
            (like the rectangle drawn when rubberbanding in vre)

Hilights of invert:

If vdrawFUNC_COMPLEMENT is available, invert sets up a table of
color/complement pairs and passes that table to vwindow::ComplementColors. This
table contains the following entries:

Color            Complement
-----            ----------
Red              Cyan
Green            Magenta
Blue             Yellow
White            Black

The idea behind vwindow::ComplementColors is to always get a known color when
doing quick drawing/undrawing style actions - situations when you would
ordinarily use vdrawFUNC_XOR. The background of invert is white with red,
green, and blue stripes - when you rubberband, the forground drawn is black
with cyan, magenta, and yellow stripes. Notice that if you use any other
drawing mode (from the Method menu) you won't get a black foreground with CMY
stripes - in fact, you can't guarantee what you'll get. With
vdrawFUNC_COMPLEMENT and vdraw::SetComplement alone, you can complement one
color with another - if you set up a table first using
vwindow::ComplementColors, you can get a multipair complement like above.
